CMPE Community CMPE @ BOUN is a very busy department. It has faculty, students (undergrad & grad), assistants (TA, RA), support staff, and alumni. There are official and unofficial issues that are maintained on a daily basis. With the load and variety of work this can be difficult to manage. Furthermore, with all the activity going on it is difficult to create and maintain meaningful connection with other people and information. The architectural properties of the CMPE building divide people into floors. Some people will not see each other for extended periods of time. Further, even if they see each other there will not be much context to interact and learn from each other. It is obvious that such a group of people will have common interests, yet there is not much context to share or learn about such interests. For example, who plays music, likes science fiction novels, interested in quantum computing, nano-technology, biking? Where are yummy restaurants? Who wants to eat lunch now? Anyone interested in participating in an upcoming hackathon? The list is endless.... This project aims to provide a web and mobile application for members of the CMPE Community to create and organize content and connect with each other in meaningful ways. It aims to create information paths that can be utilized for more effective and enjoyable collective action. This application will enable participants to create items of interest. Others who are interested in such items can subscribe and interact about interest. For example, they may have conversations, contribute related material, organize events, challenge with questions and more. Members should be able to create interest-specific content. They should be able to search for and browse for information and members. Members should be able to describe what information is visible to others. The system will recommend content and persons of interest. It will retain the history so that previously active members can be located and their information can be used. This application will be specific to the CMPE Department at Bogazici University. You must need to interact with the stakeholders of this department to determine the requirements. There will be a mobile and web interface for your project. The server side will be developed with Java.